[Security Hardened Shoot Cluster] Improve rule 1003 (#471)
gardener/diki: docs/rulesets/security-hardened-shoot-cluster/ruleset.md

### 2007 - Shoot clusters must have a PodSecurity admission plugin configured. <a id="2007"></a>

#### Description

> Shoot clusters must have a PodSecurity admission plugin configured. It is recommended to set default pod security standards to 'baseline' or 'restricted' level. This rule follows the requirements from DISA K8s STIG rule [254800](https://www.stigviewer.com/stig/kubernetes/2024-06-10/finding/V-254800).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shoot clusters must have a PodSecurity admission plugin configured. It is recommended to set default pod security standards to `baseline` or `restricted` level. This rule follows the requirements from DISA K8s STIG rule [254800](https://www.stigviewer.com/stig/kubernetes/2024-06-10/finding/V-254800).
```
